hey
do you come to the gym every day
no i can't i have to work so i come on
the weekends
do you come every day yes
can you lift weight
yes but not very well can you help me
do you like working out
sure can you do aerobics
i never tried i can do gymnastics
can you i can't but my girlfriend can
do you do any sports with your
girlfriend yes
we both can do karate we practice
every weekend
where do you work out
i don't work at a gym but i do a lot of
track and field events
hmm what can you do i can jog a marathon
i can run a 50 meter dash too
do you do any other events i do the long
jump
and i do the high jump i can long jump
too
maybe we can practice the long job
together
can you go swimming with us today no i
can't
i have to help my mother can you go
swimming with us tomorrow
sure do you go swimming every day no
i go swimming on tuesdays and thursdays
do you like modern climbing sure i love
it i can climb a 300 meter mountain
wow do you go modern climbing every
weekend
no i don't go mountain climbing when it
snows
do you mountain climb no i can't
but i want to learn
i did not know that you could dive i
can't i
am just learning to die can you dive
yes i can but i'm not very good
so do you do any other sports i can play
tennis
do you play often i can't play very
often
i have to study every day
look at this this guy's mountain
climbing
i cannot do that it's too
dangerous do you do any extreme sports
i can parasail
really can you skydive
no i cannot skydive i want to learn
i cannot hang light either my boss at
work can hang glide
he loves it
my brother lives in hawaii he lives on
the beach
does he like water sports sure he can
swim and surf
does he windsurf i'm not sure
his wife also loves water sports she
might
what does she like she likes water polo
she can dive also they both can scuba
dive and they do it all the time
what are you doing this sunday i don't
have any plans
can we go sailing no we can't
we can't use my sister's boat she's
using it on sunday
can we go biking or jogging
i can't because my foot still hurts
you can go swimming right yeah i can do
that
do you have any hobbies i like music
i have a large collection of cassette
tapes and cds
hmm do you go to concerts
no i don't i usually listen to music at
home
do you have any hobbies i hike in the
mountains
i go hiking with my brothers every month
do you hunt too no but we go bird
watching
you look tired did you work out
yeah do you work out every day
no i don't i work out only on mondays
tuesdays and thursdays do you work out
no i don't i watch movies
do you like movies no
i don't but i like music
what do you do in your free time well i
usually do ballet
i go to bali square every tuesday and
thursday night
do you do anything else i play the
guitar
sometimes i play the piano what about
you do you do anything special
i also like music so i play the piano
too
on the weekends i usually go hiking or
fishing but i don't go hunting
i don't like it here
have some pizza um no
thank you i do not like pizza that much
well have some french fries
i'm sorry i do not like french fries
either
you do not like french fries
well let's see here is a hamburger
try it i do not like hamburgers
it's fattening i'm on a diet
hmm you do not like pizza
you know like french fries
[Music]
and you do not like hamburgers
what do you like i like ice cream
does your boyfriend spend much time with
you
mine doesn't he's too busy
what does he do he goes to college
does he play sports with his friends
well he plays snooker but not very often
does he travel a lot no he doesn't leave
town
does he study all the time no
he doesn't study too much what does he
do then
he works two jobs
do you and your classmate have any
hobbies
sure i fish
and jim my best friend hikes in the
forest
do you hunt animals no i don't
i don't like to kill animals does jim
hans
no he doesn't what about you all those
plasmids
what do they do the guys like to camp
they don't camp alone they camp with
friends
what do you do in your free time i paint
i don't fish on hike
i don't like outdoors
where did you go i just finished ballet
practice
do you do ballet yes i practice
every tuesday and thursday do you do any
sports
no i don't i sing karaoke and do magic
in my free time
does your wife do magic too no she
doesn't
she plays chess and darts what does your
husband do
in his free time he doesn't practice
ballet with me
he watches movies in fact he and my
children
watch movies all the time
hello hi martin
how are things in los angeles just fine
i'm having a wonderful time what do you
do every day
do you shop and visit museums
sure but at night i go out with my
friends
do you dance at discos sure
do you do anything else at night i go to
comedy clubs and watch
movies do your friends go with you
yes do you go to expensive restaurants
no we do not we do not have enough money
did you know that my uncle is an athlete
really does he train every day not
really
he trains monday to friday but he does
not train on saturdays or sundays
he rests on those days what does he eat
to stay then
he eats vegetables and lots of fruit but
he does not eat hamburgers
candy ice cream or pizza
does he drink beer no he does not drink
beer
coke or anything sweet he only drinks
milk and fruit juice
i'm lost do you know where the bank
is yeah
turn left here follow that road
about a mile the bank is in the shopping
center
you can't miss it
i don't get it could you repeat it again
please
turn left at this
intersection follow that road
for about one mile the bank
is in the shopping center
so i turn left at this intersection
not the next one that's right
thanks
do you know where the nearest police
station is
yeah walk down that street
and take the third right then walk past
the bank
and the supermarket it will be on your
right
it's next to the laundromat
so i go down
and make a right on the third street
then i pass the bank and supermarket
and the police station is next to the
laundromat
that's correct
i could probably find it thanks for your
time
no problem
can you tell me where the bakery is
sure um turn right here and go down
about
four blocks then turn left that is
warren road
go down there and you will see it on the
left side of the street
i'm sorry i'm lost
can you repeat that
turn right go down this road
four blocks then turn left at the
intersection of
warren road walk down warren road and
the bakery
is on the left side of the street
oh thanks i got it now
if you can't find it just ask someone
thanks you've been a big help
excuse me i'm lost
what are you looking for my friend's
house
he lives at 3908 rancliffe road
randcliff oh yes go down
this road until you come to the second
intersection
make a right turn then go down that road
to the large intersection and make a
left turn
rand cliff is your first left so
if i got it i go down this street
and take a right on the second
intersection
then keep going until i come to a large
and rand cliff is on the right now make
a left turn at the intersection
and randcliff will be on your left okay
this has been very helpful thank you
oh
oh oh i'm sorry to interrupt you
but i was wondering how do i get to
saint paul's hospital
from here it's pretty far
drive down this road then make a left at
the shopping center
that will be warren road do you know
the name of the shopping center it is
called
city plaza thanks
then what do i do well um go down warren
road
for about four miles then hang her right
at rushmore avenue
the hospital will be down rushmore about
a mile
on your left side okay
i think i got it now
well good luck
oh excuse me i'm new here is there a
bank on the corner of bradley boulevard
um yes um go along this road until you
come to the intersection of
bradley and wilson it's at that
intersection
is it far no it will take you about
three or four minutes to get there
thanks
you've been very helpful don't mention
it good luck
excuse me but i think i might be lost
who are you trying to go
to the police station
oh just go down the street and make the
second left
you will have to walk down that street
about a kilometer
and the police station is across from
robinsons
okay so that's down here and then
turn left on the second block and then
go down the road about a kilometer and
it's
opposite of robinsons that's it
thanks
hello tourist office can i help you
yeah what special events do you have
today well we have the marine biology
exhibit at the aquarium
where is that it's on pasadena boulevard
when does the exhibit open it is open
from nine to five and the admission is
seven dollars but kids are free
good yeah thanks for your help
hello how can i help you sir
where do you suggest i go what do you
like
i really like contemporary art
try the national art gallery
where is it go down this road then turn
left
it's on the right side of the street
where do i turn left
at los alamos boulevard is it open every
day
it is open every day except on mondays
it closes at 6 pm
is the admission free it costs
four dollars to get in
thanks
where is a good place to take my kids
i would suggest the science museum
that sounds good how do i get to the
science museum
take the underground to west end station
then go right on bolton road and turn
left
you can't miss it when do i turn left
ah turn left at the intersection with
the national savings bank
at the corner is it free children under
12 are free
but it is 390 for adults there is a good
dinosaur collection on exhibit now
i'm sure my children will love it thanks
for your help
hello tourist office may i help you
yes could you tell me some famous places
or special events happening in san
francisco this weekend
would you like something touristy or off
the beaten path
this is my first trip to san francisco
so something touristy would be fine
well there is the fisherman's wharf
handicraft festival on friday
saturday and sunday that sounds good
what is the best way to get there
do you want to go by bus
sure what bus takes me to fisherman's
wharf
the 109 will take you there
what is there to see well
there is the festival as well as many
famous restaurants and shops
sounds exciting thanks you're welcome
enjoy your stay
hi debbie how are things at your new
home
fine i really like going to college in
new york
has the semester begun yet yeah i'm busy
though
do you still have time to practice
singing sure i go to college on mondays
wednesdays and fridays
only three days yeah on tuesdays and
thursdays i work at a restaurant
on saturdays i practice singing and on
sundays i clean my apartment
when do you have time to study i study
every night
what do you study at school i study math
on mondays and i study science on
tuesdays
do you study english yes i study english
on wednesdays
on thursdays i study history and on
fridays i study
music what do you study
my schedule is like yours on mondays i
study math
and on thursdays i study history
but on tuesdays i study english and on
wednesdays i study
music what do you study on fridays
i study science hmm that's
interesting on mondays we both study
math
we study history on thursdays
what do you do on saturdays
i go to the movies with my sister then
i go to the shopping mall with my
boyfriend
what do you do on sundays i go to the
park
to exercise later i go to a disco with
my
friends what do your friends do on the
weekends
my friends go to the library and study
on saturdays
on sundays they go shopping on sunday
nights
we all go to a disco do you go to
parties
yes we go to parties on friday nights
does your boyfriend like music yes he
listens to rock jazz and rap
every day he also listens to music on
the internet
does he watch movies or tv on sundays he
watches movies with me
he watches tv after school i watch
tv on the weekends do you listen to
music on the internet
no i listen to the radio i listen to
country
and classical music
what do you and your friends do at
summer camp
we get up in the mornings and have
breakfast
then we jog in the afternoons i swim
but my friends dance does your sister go
to summer camp with you
yes she jogs with us in the mornings and
she swims with me in the afternoons
what does your sister do in the evening
at summer camp
she sings songs and plays the guitar
with her friends
they watch movies but she only watches
comedies
where does your husband work he works
for an airline
does he travel to many places sure
every monday morning he flies to los
angeles and he returns home on tuesday
afternoon
does he travel on wednesday too on
wednesday evenings
he drives to washington dc and flies to
florida
he returns home on friday afternoon what
does he do on the weekends
let's see on saturday mornings he takes
the children to football practice
in the afternoons he plays tennis with
his friends
what about at night on saturday nights
we all go to watch a basketball game
do you like living in india yes
but it's very different here i wake up
very early every day and clean the house
i then cook breakfast for my children my
husband takes them to school
then he goes to work where does your
husband
work in india he works for the world
bank
during the day i shop and study hindi
what do you do at night at night we have
dinner and watch television
what are you studying this semester
on mondays i study science on tuesdays i
study history
i study english on wednesdays and i
study math on thursdays
what do you study on fridays i study
music on fridays
what do you do every day
every day i wake up early in the morning
then i clean the house i cook breakfast
what do you do in the afternoons
i jog and swim
do you dance i dance in the evening
what else do you do in the evening um
i watch tv and have dinner
do you go shopping on sundays no i go
shopping on saturdays
what else do you do on the weekends i go
to the library and study on saturdays
in the evenings i hang out with friends
and go to the movies
what do you like to do on sundays i go
to the park
can you tell me about the house please
sure
it's quite small there's a small living
room
and kitchen next to it there are two
bedrooms and one bathroom
is the house furnished a little
there's no furniture in the living room
but in the kitchen there's a
refrigerator and a stove
are there any beds in the bedrooms
in one bedroom there's a large bed but
none in the other
is the house one story or two stories
there's a one-story house
can you tell me about the house sure
there are two bedrooms a bathroom
a kitchen and a dining room
what are the bedrooms like well
there's a bed a lamp and a chest of
drawers
hmm sounds good in the bathroom
there's a toilet and a shower great
would you like to see it
can you tell me a little bit about the
room
i would love to it is a large room
and it is partially furnished
is there a bathroom too sure
in the bathroom there is a large bathtub
and a toilet are there any windows in
the bedroom
yes there are two windows
there are also drapes is there any
furniture
in the bedroom
no there's not any
fine when can i come to see it
what is the apartment like well
it is completely furnished it has a
living room
a large bathroom a small kitchen
and a bedroom what is inside the kitchen
the kitchen has a sink refrigerator
a cabinet for your dishes and a stove
is there an oven inside the kitchen no
it does not have an oven but it does
have a microwave
i see tell me about the living room
the living room has a blue sofa two
large
chairs a coffee table
and a tv
can you describe the place
there are three bedrooms a computer room
a dining room and a kitchen
does the house have any bathrooms oh yes
i forgot it has a bathroom in each
bedroom
wow does this house have any furniture
there's some furniture in the computer
room and the dining room
does it have a computer no
it doesn't but it has tv
stereo a desk and a table
tell me about it it's a lovely old house
when you enter the house you will see a
living room
is there any furniture in the living
room no
the house is unfurnished next to the
living room is a kitchen
then between the kitchen and living room
is a stairway
oh so there are two floors
yes that's right on the second floor
there is a bedroom across from it are a
bathroom
and a study is there a closet in the
bedroom
yes there is
what's it like it is quite nice
near the door is the family room and
kitchen
i see upstairs are the bedrooms
in front of the master bedroom are the
stairs and a small bathroom
does it have any windows yes
there are two windows in the master
bedroom and one
in the other bedroom great is there a
lamp or closet
yes there is a closet in each bedroom
and one near the door tell me what the
apartment is like
it is large and partially furnished
is there a kitchen in it yes
but it is quite small there is also a
bathroom
and a bedroom are there any windows in
the bedroom
sure i think there are two is there any
furniture
in the bedroom there is a bed but that
is all
what is in the bedroom um
let's see ah yes
there's a bed a desk a wardrobe
does the rest of the house have any
furniture
there isn't any in the bathroom but the
living room is furnished
does the living room have a sofa sure
it has a sofa three chairs and a coffee
table
is there a tv in the living room
um sorry
there isn't any
what is the house like on the first
floor there was a kitchen
is there a refrigerator in the kitchen
yes and next to the kitchen is a dining
room
what is upstairs we have two bedrooms
and a bathroom is the bathroom
in the master bedroom no it is across
the hall from the master bedroom
we have student and study my daughter is
a high school student
studying i'm studying at oxford
university
to even an event she loves her dad a lot
even though he's very strict event
we are gonna have a fundraising event
this weekend
three comment and comment
do you have any comments about this
picture
comment what kinds of shops are coming
in your city
fourth true and new
i usually chew gum while i'm on the bus
new our cousin has to spot a new car
next secret and secretary
he told me about his secret relationship
with no woman
and secretary my sister is working as a
secretary for a big company
what day is it today you usually have to
ask this one if you don't remember
right what day is it today
today not today okay today
it's tuesday okay it's tuesday or
it's monday it's saturday it's
tuesday or you can say in full sentence
that is
today is tuesday
again what day is it today is
tuesday number two we
have an appointment on saturday right
now remember we linked together have
heaven have them and this one the
appointment
have an appointment have an appointment
we have an appointment on sunday right
have an appointment that means
you are going to meet a person because
you are
already arranged the time to meet so
that is called
an aw sorry an appointment we have an
appointment
on sunday right yes that's right if it
is correct
yes that's right or no on saturday
no on saturday again
we have an appointment on sunday right
yes that's right no on saturday
number three when do we have
english remember s and h
here we say english
okay don't say english
or english or english
this is english
when do we have english we have
english on mondays and friday
we have english on mondays and fridays
remember uh that is attemptable like
for example you start a semester or in a
term
and then every monday every friday you
have
the english class so you have to add
mondays
as here and friday is here that means
every monday and every friday
we have english on mondays and fridays
or you can say in simple words we have
english
every monday and friday
we have english every monday and friday
is tomorrow thursday is
is tomorrow thursday yes that's right
or no tomorrow is wednesday
no tomorrow is wednesday i underlie
i underline the words here that means
you can change the days of the week okay
is tomorrow thursday yes that's right
no tomorrow is wednesday